---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.SenderId
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.SentTime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.Id
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.AcknowledgeType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.ArrivedTime
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.DestinationQueue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.ResponseQueue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.MessageType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.CorrelationId
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.TimeToReachQueue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.Body
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.#ctor(`0)
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.Label
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.Priority
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.Acknowledgment
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.Authenticated
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.Extension
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.AdministrationQueue
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.AppSpecific
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.ServiceModel.MsmqIntegration.MsmqMessage`1.BodyType
internalonly: False
---
