---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.ProcessId
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.Name
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.HelpText
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.ControlType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.IsOffscreen
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.Orientation
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.AccessKey
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.LabeledBy
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.LocalizedControlType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.AcceleratorKey
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.IsEnabled
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.IsContentElement
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.FrameworkId
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.NativeWindowHandle
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.HasKeyboardFocus
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.IsControlElement
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.AutomationId
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.IsRequiredForForm
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.BoundingRectangle
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.IsPassword
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.ItemType
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.ItemStatus
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.ClassName
internalonly: False
---

---
uid: System.Windows.Automation.AutomationElement.AutomationElementInformation.IsKeyboardFocusable
internalonly: False
---
